Updates to Security Get Started guides (#3556)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/get-started.md

    
```sh
curl -fsSL https://elastic.co/start-local | sh
```

Check out the full list of [deployment types](/deploy-manage/deploy.md#choosing-your-deployment-type) to learn more.

:::::

::::{{step}} Ingest your data 

After you've deployed {{elastic-sec}}, the next step is to get data into the product before you can search, analyze, or use any visualization tools. The easiest way to get data into {{elastic-sec}} is through one of our integrations—a pre-packaged collection of assets that allows you to easily collect, store, and visualize any data from any source. You can add an integration directly from the **Get Started** page within the **Ingest your data** section:
1. At the top of page, click **Set up Security**. 
2. In the Ingest your data section, click Add data with integrations. 
3. Choose from one of our recommended integrations, or select another tab to browse by category. 
:::{image} /solutions/images/security-gs-ingest-data.png
:alt: Ingest data
:screenshot:
:::

Elastic also provides different [ingestion methods](/manage-data/ingest.md) to meet your infrastructure needs. 

:::{{tip}}

> If you have data from a source that doesn't yet have an integration, you can use our [Automatic Import tool](/solutions/security/get-started/automatic-import.md).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have data from a source that doesn't yet have an integration, you can use [Automatic Import](/solutions/security/get-started/automatic-import.md) to create one using AI.   
```
